How to reference deployed files (#1037)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/camunda-bpm-run.md

In the unpacked distro, you will find a `resources` folder. All files (including BPMN, DMN, CMMN, form, and script files) will be deployed when you start Camunda Platform Run.

> You can reference forms and scripts in the BPMN diagram with `embedded:deployment:/my-form.html`, `camunda-forms:deployment:/myform.form` or `deployment:/my-script.js`. (The deployment adds an extra `/` as prefix to the filename.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference forms and scripts in the BPMN diagram with `embedded:deployment:/my-form.html`, `camunda-forms:deployment:/myform.form`, or `deployment:/my-script.js`. The deployment requires adding an extra `/` as a prefix to the filename.
```
